INSTALL
-------

This file contains the installation instructions for landiallerd.py.
In the future they will be streamlined so that you will be able to
type something as simple as "python setup.py install", but
unfortunately we're not quite there yet.


REQUIREMENTS

  - Unix, or similar POSIX compliant Operating System (e.g. Linux)

  - Python 2.3 compiled with support for threads. Note that thread
    support is enabled by default if your system supports it.


INSTALLATION

Untar the source code, change into the directory created, and type (as
root):

  # make install

landiallerd.py will be installed in /usr/local/sbin, and
landiallerd.conf will be installed in /usr/local/etc. This should be
fine for most systems.

In order to start the daemon every time your operating system is
booted you may wish to edit the files in your /etc/init.id (or
similar) directories. For security reasons (it is simply best
practice) it is recommended that you create a new user account purely
to run the landiallerd.py server and configure your startup scripts to
use that account.

I recommend either using syslog, or a normal logfile, to record the
server's actions. You can turn logging on with the -s and -l options:

    -l file     write log messages to file
    -s          write log messages to syslog

If you have problems with LANdialler please turn debugging on with the 
-d option and then send me the contents of the logfile, along with a 
description of the problem.


CONFIGURATION

You will probably need to edit the [commands] section of the config
file. The "connect" and "disconnect" options should be non interactive
shell commands or scripts that cause the modem to dial up or
disconnect. They should have an exit status of 0 if they are launched
successfully, or a positive integer if they are unable to run
correctly. The "is connected" command is simply used to determine
whether we are currently on line and should return 0 if we are or a
positive integer if we are not. None of the commands should block
(i.e. pause), but should return immediately. For example, the
"connect" command should return 0 if the it is able to launch the dial
up software, rather than waiting to see whether or not the dial up
software is successful in attempting to connect to the Internet.

The default commands are known to work on Debian GNU/Linux and Gentoo
Linux, as they use the pppconfig utility to set up the PPP parameters,
thereby enabling the pon and poff commands (which makes life very easy
for connecting to many ISPs).

If you have problems installing either the client or the server then I
will try and help you if I can. Please make sure that you send me as
much information as possible, including the operating system (and
version number) that you are using, the version of Python and any
output that you see when you launch the software (either on the
command line or in syslog).


$Id: INSTALL,v 1.7 2004/01/19 22:14:41 ashtong Exp $
